Shen Yi
Shen Sanyi explained everything about him
It has now been taken away by the police.
I saw that Shi Fuerong is still observing in the basement
Miss Shen
If you want to
I really want to be my net worth
Married position
Can't do without my support
Negotiate terms with me
Go and arrest all the young and old of his family for me
I have a new batch of piranhas
Waiting for the meat
Mr. Shen, Mr. Shen, I was wrong
Please raise your hand
Let me go, Mr. Shen
Hey, is there any news from Xiao Qiao?
Really? Where?
Inside the night club
Where to put it?
We're not on vacation yet.
Well, it's alright, I'll find it.
Hand over all the evidence of his crime to the police
Yeah.
The mountain is on fire, our mountain hair fire god
The wife went to the night club
The clubhouse also brought two hand racks
Said he was going to do something
Mr. Shen, don't go
Mr. Shen, Mr. Shen, don't go, hahahaha
Mr. Shen, I'm busy right now
I'll call you back.